Opnsense tracker sensors (#45805)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/opnsense.markdown

## Presence detection

This platform allows you to detect presence by looking at devices connected to an OPNsense router.

## Sensors

These sensors are automatically created and associated to each tracker entity:

> - **interface** - The name of the interface the device is connected to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Interface**: The name of the interface the device is connected to.
```
what is the exact UI string? Or, if the name is variable, can you give an example of such a name in the description?

> - **Interface**: The name of the interface the device is connected to (i.e. "LAN").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Interface**: The name of the interface the device is connected to (for example, "LAN").
```
We prefer "for example", or "such as" over e.g., see also https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/eg

The following are also added but are disabled by default:

> - **expired** - If the connection has become idle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Expired**: If the connection has become idle.
```
What is the exact spelling of the UI string? is it capital?

> - **expires** - When the connection will expire if the client doesn't check in again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Expires**: When the connection will expire if the client doesn't check in again.
```

> - **Expires**: When the connection will expire if the client doesn't check in again.

Reviewer: Is there a way to avoid the term "client"? Which device exactly is the client?

Author: Yeah it's the dhcp client. Can probably be device here.

```suggestion
- **Expires**: When the connection will expire if the device doesn't check in again.
```
